Introduction
------------

Entrance (v.) 
1. To put into a trance.
2. To fill with delight, wonder, or enchantment.

Entrance is a login/display manager for UNIX X11 displays. It is 
designed to be extremely customizable and aesthetically attractive
-- a refreshing relief from the traditional dull and boring interfaces 
of XDM and its descendants.

Compiling & Installing
----------------------

To compile, you need the following libraries (if you're using a
package-based system, be sure to install the devel packages):

- Evas
- Ecore
- Edje
- Esmart
- PAM (optional)

Then, type:
> ./autogen.sh
> make
> su -c 'make install'

Usage
-----

To start an X session using Entrance, just type 'entranced' at the prompt. 
Entrance also works well with initscripts, so you can modify 
/etc/X11/prefdm or /etc/init.d/dm to launch entranced. A startup script 
(etc/init.d/entrance) is also installed for your convenience. For those 
who would like to see what Entrance looks like before using it to start 
sessions, run "entrance --test". This will launch entrance in a window
(800x600 by default), and xterm will be executed instead of the selected 
session. For more information type entrance --help.

WARNING: Do not attempt to launch entranced from an existing X session. It
will cause all sorts of havoc and may even blow a hole in the back of your
monitor. Run "entrance" instead.

To set up your sessions, edit the build_config.sh script in the data/config
directory before compiling to specify the names of the X sessions on your 
machine. After installation, you will need to directly edit
/etc/entrance_config.cfg using an ecore_config editor like ecore_config. The
default sessions are designed to work on a Debian 3.0 installation, so you
will likely need to update your db before Entrance can work for you. While 
adding sessions, please note that:

- A session without a path is assumed to be an Xsession name, and will be
  launched using Xsession. Otherwise, the specific path will be executed
  (this is useful for those of you using E17, for example).
- The Failsafe session should be left as is (with "failsafe" as path)
- You do not need to add a default session; that is added automatically.
- You need to update the session count entry before you finish.

PAM is recommended for authentication. If you are compiling for a system
that does not have PAM support, configure should automatically set your
config settings appropriately so that crypt/shadow authentication is used
instead. If you wish to manually set the authentication method, edit the
/entrance/auth entry in the config db (0 for crypt, 1 for PAM, 2 for shadow).

You may specify a custom background Edje file for Entrance by modifying
the "/entrance/background" key in your Entrance config. Entrance can load
background collections from Entrance themes or E17 background files. If
no background is specified, Entrance will use the default background
specified in your theme.

Take a look at README.edje for a guide to the theme format and a detailed
explanation of how sessions and users work.

Code contributors and developers needed!


