e_modules is a loose collection of third party E17 modules written by
various authors.  They are not officially a part of E17, but they are
allowed to use the E cvs repository.  The modules are all separate
modules, written by separate authors.

e_modules is not supposed to be treated as a single entity.  While there
is some basic infrastructure for building them all at once, it is merely
for convenience.  If one module is broken, then trying to build them all
at once will fail.    At any given time, one or more might be broken and
wont compile.  Any complaints that "e_modules is broken" will be
directed to read this file and compile the modules one at a time. 
Packagers are strongly advised to not package e_modules as a single
package.  Modules that are broken for more than a few days will be
documented in README.BROKEN.  Modules that are broken for the long term
may be removed.


alarm - Sets reminders and timer.  (Replaces eveil.)

bling - EFLized Composite Manager for E17. (Not for users right now).

calendar - A module to show the current day.

cpu - A module to monitor cpu load.  (Will be replaced by something better.)

deskshow - A module to iconify/uniconify all current windows to show the
desktop.  This is probably obsolete, the functionality is now in E.

diskio - visualize disk i/o.

echo - A module to replace the broken 'mixer' module for E17.

emu - Experimental generic scriptable module for E17.

exalt-client - A frontend module for exalt network manager.

flame - A module to display flames on the desktop.

forecasts - A module to display the current condition and forecasts.

language - A module to control active keyboard/keyboard layout/layout variant.

mail - A module to periodically check for new email.

mem - A module to monitor memory and swap usage.  (Will be replaced by something better.)

mixer - A module to control volume for some mixers.  (Will be replaced by something better.)

moon - A module to display moon phase information.

mpdule - A module to display what's playing in MPD.

net - A module to monitor traffic on a network device.

news - A module to display rss feeds.

penguins - A module to display fancy penguins on your desktop.

photo - A module to display pictures on the desktop.

places - manage volumes attached to the system.

rain - A module to display rain on the desktop.

screenshot - A module to take screenshots, utilizing scrot or import.

slideshow - A module to cycle desktop backgrounds.

snow - A module to display snow on the desktop.

taskbar - A taskbar module.  (Will be replaced by something better.)

tclock - A module to display a digital clock on the desktop.  (Will be replaced by something better.)

uptime - A module to monitor computer uptime.

weather - A module to display a weather forecast.

winselector - A module to show menu-based access to open windows.

wlan - A module to monitor a wlan device.
