How this works.

1. There is only 1 "page" - p.php - this is the master script that generates
   all pages
2. Actual page data is under p/
3. The default page is ASSUMED to be under index/ - this is a requirement
4. This supports full internationalization - translations can be provided. the
   default assumed $lang is "en"
5. There are other dirs main1, main2, main3 ... main8 - these are for the 8
   main links at the top of the page. each is a dir. main link dirs contain a
   $lang-label file (en-label assumed to always exist). this file contains the
   test to put in the link button. keep it short. you now can have 1 of 2 files
   in themain link dir. if there is a page file then this file contains the
   text of a $page link (a dir relative to p/) to link to. if there is a
   link file - then this contains a fully qualified URL to put in the link.
6. Other pages can use any named directory they want. the main buttons can
   link to any of these pages. all pages should have a d/ directory for
   data such as images inlined or thumbnailed. all images you wish to have
   thumbnails of should also have a file in dir called .t.$filename where
   filename is the file name of the image. this will be used bu the thm()
   function. You will need to create the thumbnail by hand and add to SVN
   currently.
7. Any page can contain sub-pages. if there is a file "subs" this lists, line
   by line the sub dirs in order from left-to-right. each sub-page contains
   a $lang-label to specify the label on this sub-link, a $lang-title for
   the page title and a $lang-body for the page contents - it is like an
   other page and can also have subs etc.
8. The files lang1 and lang2 in p/ are a list of supported languages. the code
   expects a $lang.png file in i/ to exist for that lang. these 2 files display
   flags for languages on the left and right of the title area.
9. u.php is a special page - just load it to set the "update" flag - this will
   let the page updater know that it needs to update the pages from SVN. nu.php
   clears the flag - used once update is finished or can be used to just clear
   the flag. it's simple and works - not incredibly secure, but also not
   incredibly bad either.

Don't be afraid of the php - it's tiny and small. We need to add "news" code
that would probably work in a similar way - but that can come later. If you
think you can improve things - take a stab. This isn't meant to be incredibly
extensive and powerful. It's meant to be very simple to manage and still very
customisable.

