Bugs that have been fixed for 0.16.2:
A potential segfault involving over-zealous iconification
Portability issues inside of epp
KDE issue with E's logout mechanism (wiping KDE stuff even if you hit no)
Snapshot command won't allow you to restart an app from another machine now
desktop property gets updated for sticky windows now correctly (for eterm)
Bug in KDE support where maximizing a window would go taller than the screen if you weren't running kpanel.
Fixed a bug in KDE support where windows would place themselves underneath the kpanel
Added a configure option for --disable-zoom for alpha platforms XFree (they have a bug there)

The Road to 0.17 (post 0.16.x):
File Manager Preview Application (you'll hopefully get a chance to see a little bit of a preview of what E's filemanager will look like)
Imlib 2 backend work
eConfig backend work (including utilities for writing / importing / exporting / modifying the configurations stored)
porting enlightenment to imlib2
porting enlightenment to eConfig
redoing the primary event mechanism
Some more backend code to make the file manager work internal to E
Integrating the File Manager
Adding in the additional features (as listed below).
Code Freeze
Bug Fixes
Release 0.17.0

Additional Features in 0.17:
spacers in menus
"default button" indicator for the default "enter" activated button
add submenu resistance / timeout for running across to a submenu
add "virtual" resistance boxes
finer grained control on selecting icon display policy
need to lock .enlightenment dir for multiple logins etc.
add dnd from iconbox out to otherthings...
something like that 'virtual desktop hovering' thing that fvwm has, i.e. continuous dragging of the desktop areas. Maybe something like a 'supergroup' that every window belongs to, and then moving that group ...
need to write some code to un-override redirect kfm and kpanel so I can manage them easier -- this causes kfm and kpanel to exist over/under/etc apps and not have the arrange code know where the windows are.
There should be a way to click on a pinned menu in the titlebar to make it sticky.

THOUGHTS/IDEAS/UNFIXABLE?:
cK: 		Some of the group dialogs could work with check- instead of radiobuttons.  Like the one for breaking groups, for example.
mandrake:   apparently only having one desktop makes the kde taskbar not show any apps  -- THIS is a bug in kpanel, not in E.  ettrich@kde.org has been informed of this, unfortunately it won't be fixed before KDE 2.0.  Also having an odd number of desktops won't show up the last one if you're in any kpanel size mode but tiny.
mandrake:   closing windows on other desktops works, but if you close the last window on another desktop it crashes E for some reason (using kpanel) -- I can't recreate this bug anymore, so I think it's gone, but I didn't specifically fix it.
