$Id$

ePlayer v0.7

Written by Ben Rockwood [benr@cuddletech.com] and various contributors.
See AUTHORS for the complete list.


DEPENDENCIES
------------

ePlayer requires the following:

EVAS CVS
Ecore CVS with EVAS module
Edje CVS
Esmart CVS

AVcodec 0.4.8  (optional, only needed by the MP3 decoding plugin;
                AVcodec is found as part of the FFmpeg project)
libVorbis 1.0+ (optional, only needed by the Ogg Vorbis decoding plugin)
libOgg 1.0+    (ditto)


ABOUT
-------

ePlayer is an audio player which is based on Ecore, Evas and Edje.
Audio decoding and output is done by plugins.
At the moment, there are input plugins for Ogg Vorbis and MP3
and there are output plugins for OSS, ALSA and Solaris.

Note that the MP3 plugin is broken at the moment.


FAQ
-------

Q: Why another damned audio player?
A: -> The purpose of ePlayer has always been to be used as a vehicle
by which to better learn the EFL components.

An audio player was chosen because it's interesting, the OggVorbis
API is very simple and can easily drawn on Ecore's strengths
(ie: idlers and timers) and provides a number of interesting interface
possibilities.

Q: Will you support WinAmp skins?
A: -> Nope.... go use XMMS if you want traditional skins.
Refer to the first question.

But I will admit that I have considered the possiblity of automating
the conversion of WinAmpv3 skins (.wal's) to Edje.
It doesn't look hard, and Edje can do everything and more that WinAmp
can do with it's interface, but in a far more general way.

The problem is really just parsing all that XML (the WA skin config
files are now XML).  With PERL there could probly be an easy conversion,
but if there is one thing I hate parsing it's XML.

It would instantly make this audio player the player to use though!

Q: I installed AVcodec, but I'm getting errors and odd behaviour?
A: -> You have the wrong version of AVcodec.  If you use Gentoo a default
merge will give you the wrong version.  AVcodec is a part of
FFmpeg.  You need FFmpeg 0.4.8.

Q: MP3's load, but play strangely.
A: -> Ya, AVcodec sucks.... we're looking for a replacement lib.
For the mean time just use a codec thats actually good: OggVorbis.

Q: All my music is in MP3.  How can I convert it to OggVorbis?
A: -> DON'T!!!  MP3 and OggVorbis are both lossy codecs.  Each
codec has diffrent ideas about what information is worth loosing
during the encoding sequence.  If you re-encode (called trancoding)
from one to the other you'll loose even more quality than you did to 
start with in the initial coding sequence.  So, while it is possible
to do so, you really really don't wanna.  Since obviously your
a law abiding person who didn't pirate your music, you can always
just re-rip to Vorbis like a good boy.  You'll be glad you did.

